🎉 New Source: Recharge (#3466)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/recharge.md

* [Collections](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify) 
* [Customers](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-customers) \(Incremental sync\)
* [Discounts](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-discounts) \(Incremental sync\)
* [Metafields](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-metafields)
* [Onetimes](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-onetimes) \(Incremental sync\)
* [Orders](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-orders) \(Incremental sync\)
* [Products](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-products)
* [Shop](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#shop)
* [Subscriptions](https://developer.rechargepayments.com/v1-shopify?python#list-subscriptions) \(Incremental sync\)

If there are more endpoints you'd like Airbyte to support, please [create an issue.](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/new/choose)

### Features

| Feature | Supported? |
| :--- | :--- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes |
| Incremental Sync | Yes |
| SSL connection | Yes |

### Performance considerations

> The Recharge connector should not run into Recharge API limitations under normal usage. Please [create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you see any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Recharge connector should gracefully handle Recharge API limitations under normal usage. Please [create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you see any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.
```
